hello to all sapped gaming for new
video so it's stone there is no
still antoine so it was a small
video people shout to show you a
little bit the steamer that I come to create
which is already strong that I do not create that I
come from rosstat
so he is he and 108 besides I'm going
put some characteristic points
I am Belgian put them in wisdom
then had to put them in intelligence
good it's not serious insult and not
focused his young lose five points
of the two features it's not
serious so 108
so I said I'll go right away
show a little less my surf
so it's more of a support stuff because
that my my steamer you will see is
more supports it and so that first of all the
hooded choice monkeys so 115 in
vitality 45 in intelligence a few
damage some resistance and that's it
the ring and ron so this will be my case
it's a little care so I get to
to do the 500 points is enough
nice
the fire alliance dallas so I had not
what is their sole so I
maybe change the cape of the king
monkey who gives a little cow I you the
show I shut up that takes a little
initiative is a bit of a pity
the clean dragodinde take emerald
boots off field a pmp to 57
intelligence is not necessarily
good I fugue belt 92 of
vitality of the wise and without toll is
pity
a little chela no 100 or even vitality and
an oissu the lette i do not know how
it is pronounced so well that's what
I wanted to say ah yes you see that
my theme on dofus and red is
Antoine who gave me this is nice
can also see her in blue throw of
victory show you that in blue and in
glass so I can show you quickly
do the blue
blue light well that's it looks like
so I'm going to show you the spells
so i have vapor level kathak tyrrell
first aid to treat a little
the one not shaking this call for the spell
special armor to protect the
sucker a little crazy bulls
and evolution and breakwaters that makes
as there is a sacrifice on on the
turret so here I am going to launch the
fight
so I do not know if I find I'm going
able to show they did not
to be able to show the special care spell
but I can already showed a little bit
that I can do
so often what I start playing
to me as natural I booster
with the little scuba I throw
he goes port that taps the creative natural
who types in both my
to the character and I put myself a tactic
well I'm not crazy the live is
well that I can show you a little
how much of a material is level 1
he does it heals different and little
on both poles I came to a few
same time sony drawing so we go
start with the boom is the beat
so it's the shepherd does 144 damage x 2
it's not bad so I'm going to enjoy it
I will move my tower to hall and we will
continue with so the fate very report
useful when there are lines of sight that
lets me type in mass that makes
nice damage
so here is then a spell in
diagonal who steals a little bit of life
which is called flibuste rob dibble 71 of
life and I can run twice so I
will be able to evolve my tyrrell head
Marvel does this pardon level level 3
here and I will activate the special spell
ambush like these are nine of
damage in all the elements so I
do 65
I make a week with one is the beat
there I think I 'm going to be banged
by my own harmonious but all there
will have an update that will really
good but good
and that's the damage and
it's especially good that ambush
matour she can be here at the other end
map
I can get to hit her so I
will show you a little the care that I
can do for example with first aid
so 174th can do it only one
time is the problem I do not care and
my babysitter and I also have the cac
can sometimes be well cared for not all
time it's really dg quite risky
so here I'm doing out of 25 I managed to
make 500 and sometimes I did
that type so you see it's really
quite risky 79 373
so here I have you pretty much to
show my steamer his stuff his
characteristics
if I had some low questions
do not hesitate I'm here I think I
will show you packages of men from
south but as I believe that the
stimulants did not play much
my rating
so I often find myself against
level 60 is not necessarily great
I hope you enjoyed this video
we end up for her opts for a
next video